[['The Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States', "A silver knife and chain with a wooden handle. Pair of chopsticks with silver ends. Wooden sheath with silver alloy designs. Bridled silver alloy strap with stirrup-style loop. Separate leather and silver alloy pack/clip with two bridled cords plus leather stirrup strap/loop. Leather presentation box. Rec'd—2/2/2012. Est. Value—$980.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'His Excellency Sukhbaatar Batbold, Prime Minister of Mongolia', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ['The Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States', "Brown leather cigar box with applied sterling silver. Rectangular plaque on hinged lid (12 interior slots). Rec'd—3/5/2012. Est. Value—$390.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'His Excellency Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa, President of Mexico', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ['The Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States', "Light blue hardcover book, title: “Between Two Seas: A Celebration of Modern Bahrain,” by Andrew Weaver. William & Son brown box with silver 8-point (beach theme) leaf design on top. Cylindrical box carved in dark brown leather topped by sterling silver 8-petal rosette with beige suede interior plus cover with attached dark brown leather butterfly, in presentation box. Rec'd—6/12/2012. Est. Value—$590.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'His Royal Highness Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa, Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Bahrain and Deputy Supreme Commander of the Bahrain Defense Force', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ['The Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States', "Female bare-breasted bust, face in profile, carved into tooth with 6.25″ outside length carved and curved and 5.25″ inside length adhered to wood. Carved tooth depicting female head with long hair 6.5″ long on outside of cone, 5.5″ long on inside of cone on wood ovoid two holes where carving has exposed internal cavity. Ebony carving of standing female carrying basket on head with four lobes hanging from left hand. Rec'd—6/28/2012. Est. Value—$530.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'Her Excellency Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, President of the Republic of Liberia', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ['The Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States', "Knife, curved blade, waisted silver handle and curved sheath with filigree work in a presentation box. Set of silver filigree jewelry with coral stones (included necklace, bracelet, ring, and earrings). Rec'd—10/15/2012. Est. Value—$1300.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'His Excellency Abdo Rabo Mansour Hadi, President of the Republic of Yemen', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ['Dr. Jill Biden, Second Lady of the United States', "Torch from the 2011 Special Olympics held in Athens, Greece. Torch was made by Zolotas, having tapered matte stone head over fluted navy blue handle. Rec'd—6/23/2011. Est. Value—$470.00. Disposition—National Archives and Records Administration", 'The Honorable Kgalema Motlanthe, Deputy President of the Republic of South Africa', 'Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government.'], ]