[['Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton', "Afghan Rug, Date Received 2004. Est. Value—Overvalue—exact value unknown, Location: Displayed in Member's Office in SR-468", 'His Excellency Hamid Karzai, President of the Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Ted Stevens', "Silver desk set and decorative plate w/ stand and letter opener. January 21, 2004. Est. Value—Over $100. Location: Displayed in Member's Office in SH-522", 'King Hussein of Jordan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator John Warner', 'Table linens and crystal bowl from Tiffany and Company. January 12, 2004. Est. Value—$600. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Ambassador Yang Jiechi of China and Ambassador Salem Al-Sabah', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Thad Cochran', 'Lapis box w/flip top, January 20, 2004, Est. Value—$300, Location: Displayed in SD-101 for official use', 'Michelle Bachelet, Minister of Defense for Chile', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Richard Lugar, Senate Foreign Relations Committee', 'Large black rug w/image of King Tut. January 23, 2004. Est. Value—Over $100. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, Commander in Chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Charles Grassley', "Silver L'Epee clock, February 2004, Est. Value—$540. Location: Displayed in Member's Office in SH-135 for official use", 'Salman Bin Hamad Al Khalifa, Crown Prince and Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator John Warner', 'Scarf, March 20, 2004, Est. Value—$100. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Unknown', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator John Warner', 'Gold Plated Box, Est. Value—$200. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Hamid Karzai, President of Afghanistan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator John Warner', 'Clock surrounded by jade and gold. March 20, 2004. Est. Value—$300. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Muhammedmain Soomro, Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator John Warner', 'Silver Bowl. Est. Value—$200. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Carl Levin', 'Book of the Collection of the Works of Mr. Mahmoud Farshcian. March 20, 2004. Est. Value—Over $100. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Ambassador Mohammad Javad Zarif-Khonsari, Permanent Iranian representative to the United Nations', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Richard Lugar', 'Bronze ox Lamp from Jiangsu Province. July 21, 2004. Est. Value—Over $100. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Li Yuanchao, Communist Party of China Jiangsu Committee Secretary', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Edward Kennedy', "Tiled wall hanging mosaic, August 1, 2001. Est. Value—$1500. Disposition: Displayed in Member's Office in SR-319 for official use", 'President Abdelaziz Bouteflika of Algeria', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Christopher J. Dodd', 'Black carpet w/ the imprint of King Tut. March 2004. Est. Value—Unknown. Disposition: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, Minister of Defense of the Government of Egypt', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Robert Roach, Counsel and Chief Investigator, U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations (Dem. Staff)', 'Lunch for the Steering Group of the Cambridge America Forum. September 19, 2004. Est. Value—$57.60. Handled pursuant to Secret Service policy', "The Cambridge America Forum of St. Catharine's College in Cambridge University (United Kingdom)", 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Robert Roach, Counsel and Chief Investigator, U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations (Dem. Staff)', 'Welcome dinner for the Steering Group of the Cambridge America Forum including panelists participating in the conference. September 19, 2004. Est. Value—$48. Handled pursuant to Secret Service policy', "The Fellows of St. Catherine's College in Cambridge University (United Kingdom)", 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Robert Roach, Counsel and Chief Investigator, U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations (Dem. Staff)', 'Lunch for all participants and attendees at conference. September 20, 2004. Est. Value—$48. Handled pursuant to Secret Service policy', "The Cambridge America Forum of St. Catharine's College in Cambridge University (United Kingdom)", 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Thad Cochran', 'Large Kilim rug, August 2004. Est. Value—$800. Location: Displayed in SD-113 for official use', 'Government of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Thad Cochran', 'Decorative Brass Tea Set. August 2004, Est. Value—$150. Location: Displayed in SD-113 for official use', 'Government of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Kay Webber, Executive Assistant, Office of Senator Thad Cochran', 'Large Kilim rug, August 24, 2004, Est. Value—$800. Decorative Brass Tea Set. Est. Value—$150. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Government of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['James W. Morehard, Chief of Staff, Committee on Appropriations', 'Silver Tea Set. September 28, 2004. Est. Value—$150. Small hand-made rug, Est. Value—$400. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'President Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Sid Ashworth, Clerk, Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense', 'Silver Tea Set Est. Value—$150. Small hand-made rug. September 28, 2004. Est. Value—$450. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'President Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Richard Lugar', 'Dom Perignon Champagne, 750 ML., December 8, 2004. Est. Value—$150. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', "Ambassador Ranendra Sen, India's Ambassador to the U.S.", 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator E. Benjamin Nelson', 'Rug. October 25, 2004. Est. Value—$800. Location: Displayed in State office, 7602 Pacific St. Omaha, Nebraska for official use', 'President Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan and the Government of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator E. Benjamin Nelson', "Silver Tea Set and Carrying Case. October 25, 2004. Est. Value—$150. Location: Displayed in Member's Office in SH-720 for official use", 'President Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan and the Government of Azerbaijan', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton', 'Leather Wallet and Clutch Purse by Versace. July 2004. Est. Value—Overvalue but actual amount unknown. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate, Leather Wallet and Card case. Est. Value—Unknown. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate. Small Enameled Display Pedestal. Est. Value—Unknown. Location: Deposited with the Secretary of the Senate', 'Shobha Oza, President of the Mahila Congress Madhya Pradesh within the Indian National Congress', 'Non-acceptance would cause donor embarrassment.'], ['Mr. Brian S. Feintech, Committee on Appropriations', 'Bus Transportation to projects managed by the Ministry of Health. February 18th & 20th, 2004', 'Government of the Dominican Republic', 'Travel to view projects managed by the Ministry of Health, U.S. AID and the UN Population Fund with periodic briefings en route.'], ['Ms. Lindsey Brill, Health LA, Office of Senator Lincoln Chafee', 'Bus transportation to projects managed by the Ministry of Health. February 18th & 20th, 2004', 'Government of the Dominican Republic', 'Travel to view projects managed by the Ministry of Health, U.S. AID, and the UN Population Fund with periodic briefings en route.'], ['Ms. Julie Cohen, Legislative Assistant, Office of Senator Herb Kohl', 'Bus transportation to projects managed by the Ministry of Health. February 18th & 20th, 2004', 'Government of the Dominican Republic', 'Travel to view projects managed by the Ministry of Health, U.S. AID, and the UN Population Fund with periodic briefings en route.'], ['Senator and Mrs. Paul Sarbanes', 'Transportation within Greece to attend and give keynote speech at the WHIU General Assembly, including lodging and meals. August 12-17, 2000', 'World Greece Inter-Parliamentary Union (WHIU)', 'Travel to discuss Greece issues with worldwide elected officials; meet with the Greek Parliament and President of Greece.'], ['Senator Chuck Hagel', "Transportation within Gabon via President Bongo's helicopter to view threatened and sensitive ecological sites protected by Gabon's national park system. August 25, 2004", 'President Omar Bongo and the Government of Gabon', 'Official travel to view key ecological sites. No commercial option.'], ['Andrew Parasiliti, Foreign Policy Advisor, Office of Senator Chuck Hagel', "Transportation within Gabon via President Bongo's helicopter to view threatened and sensitive ecological sites protected by Gabon's national park system. August 25, 2004", 'President Omar Bongo and the Government of Gabon', 'Official travel to view key ecological sites. No commercial option.'], ['Randel Zeller, Senior Policy Advisor, Office of Senator Chuck Hagel', "Transportation within Gabon via President Bongo's helicopter to view threatened and sensitive ecological sites protected by Gabon's national park system. August 25, 2004", 'President Omar Bong and the Government of Gabon', 'Official travel to view key ecological sites. No commercial option.'], ['Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. Senator', 'Transportation from Iceland to Ireland, within Ireland; one nights lodging in Ireland. August 25-28, 2004', 'University of Deny, Ireland', 'Travel for speech at the University, official events.'], ['Mr. Robert Holifield, Legislative Assistant, Senator Blanche Lincoln', 'Transportation within Yemen (round trip from Sanaa to Mukallah) to meet with President Salih. February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', 'Official travel to meet with President Salih on international trade issues. The staff delegation was tentatively scheduled to meet with President Salih in Sanaa on Feb. 19.* However, upon arriving in Sanaa at 10 p.m. on Feb. 18th we were informed by U.S. Embassy personnel that President Salih would be in Mukallah the next morning and that the Government of Yemen has arranged to transport us there for the meeting. Given the late hour of our arrival in Sanaa, and given that we would be required to leave early the next morning, non-acceptance of the flight and thus the cancellation of the meeting would have caused the donor embarrassment.'], ['Mr. David S. Johanson, International Trade Counsel, Committee on Finance', 'Transportation within Yemen (roundtrip from Sanaa to Mukallah) to meet with President Salih. February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', 'Official travel to meet with President Salih on international trade issues. The staff delegation was tentatively scheduled to meet with President Salih in Sanaa on Feb. 19th. However, upon arriving in Sanaa at 10 p.m. on Feb. 18th, we were informed by U.S. Embassy personnel that President Salih would be in Mukallah the next morning and that the Government of Yemen has arranged to transport us there for the meeting. Given the late hour of our arrival in Sanaa, and given that we would be required to leave early the next morning for Mukallah, it was impractical to attempt to arrange a commercial flight. Alternatively, non-acceptance of the flight and thus cancellation of the meeting with President Salih—a meeting in the interests of the United States—would have caused the donor embarrassment.'], ['Bryn N. Stewart, Legislative Director, Office of Senator Craig Thomas', 'Transportation between Sanaa, Yemen and Mukallah, Yemen to meet President Salih. ($235.00), which represents the cost of round trip airfare between the two cities. February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', 'Official travel to meet with President Salih to discuss international trade issues. The staff delegation was scheduled to meet with the President in Sanaa, but they were informed that the President was in Mukallah and the Government of Yemen has arranged to transport us there for the meeting. Due to the late hour of arrival in Sanaa, and given the early departure needed to arrive in time to meet the President, it was impractical to arrange a commercial flight within the time constraints given us.'], ['Mr. David Wonnenberg, Professional Staff Member, Senate Commerce Committee', 'Transportation between Sanaa and Mukallah to meet President Salih. February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', "Official travel to meet with President Salih on international trade issues. Due to the last minute change in our itinerary (original meeting was to take place in Sanaa, but that was moved to Mukallah) the Government of Yemen arranged for a flight to address this change in President Salih's availability. It was impractical to obtain commercial travel and non-acceptance would have caused the donor embarrassment."], ['Mr. Brian Pomper, International Trade Counsel, Committee on Finance (Dem Staff)', 'Transportation within Yemen (round trip from Sanaa to Mukallah) to meet President Salih ($235). February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', 'Official travel to meet with President Salih on international trade issues. The meeting and flight were arranged last-minute. The staff delegation was tentatively scheduled to meet with President Salih in Sanaa on February 19th. However, upon arriving in Sanaa at 10 p.m. on February 18th, we were informed by U.S. embassy personnel that President Salih would be in Mukallah the next morning and that the Government of Yemen had arranged to transport us there for the meeting. Given the late hour of our arrival in Sanaa, and given that we would be required to leave early the next morning for Mukallah, it was impractical to attempt to arrange a commercial flight. Refusing to accept the flight and canceling the meeting with President Salih would have embarrassed the Government of Yemen.'], ['Senator Mitch McConnell', 'Transportation within Israel via military aircraft to view security fence and other strategic sites. November 14, 2004', 'Government of Israel', 'No commercial travel available to tour these sites.'], ['Mr. William H. Piper, Chief of Staff, Office of Senator Mitch McConnell', 'Transportation within Israel via military aircraft to view security fence and other strategic sites. November 14, 2004', 'Government of Israel', 'No commercial travel available to tour these sites.'], ['Ms. Ellen Doneski, Legislative Director, Office of Senator John D. Rockefeller, IV', 'Transportation within Yemen (roundtrip from Sanaa to Mukallah) to meet President Salih. February 19, 2004', 'Government of Yemen', 'Official travel to meet with President Salih, a meeting in the interests of the United States—would have caused the donor embarrassment.'], ]